added Libary with Link (simple-workadventure) (#4)
workadventure/awesome-workadventure: README.md

- [Tilesets](#resources)
- [Tutorials](#tutorials)
- [Bots](#bots)

> - [Libarys](#libarys)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Libraries](#libraries)
```

- [Pixel](https://github.com/rllola/wa-bot) - Pixel is a bridge between the office/venue you created and other applications (e.g slack)

> ## Libarys
> 
> _A list of Packages/Libarys that can help you scripting your Maps_
> 
> - [simple-workadventure](https://www.npmjs.com/package/simple-workadventure) - a Libary which simplifies the Workadveture API to simgle line commands and adds exta features such as a Camera Zoom Button
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Libraries

_A list of packages / libraries that can help you scripting your maps_

- [simple-workadventure](https://www.npmjs.com/package/simple-workadventure) - a library which simplifies the Workadveture API to single line commands and adds extra features such as a Camera Zoom Button

```
